Support the CapturePFGPExceptions preference (#3984)
openenclave/openenclave: CHANGELOG.md

- Add the support of getrandom libc API and syscall in enclaves.
- Add `libsgx-quote-ex`, `sgx-aesm-service` and several SGX AESM plugins to Ansible scripts so that users will be able to select in-process or out-of-process call path for quote generation. Refer to the [attestation sample](samples/attestation/README.md#determining-call-path-for-sgx-quote-generation) for more information.
- Add the support of the OE_ENCLAVE_FLAG_DEBUG_AUTO flag to the oe_create_enclave API. When the flag is set and the OE_ENCLAVE_FLAG_DEBUG flag is cleared, the debug mode is automatically turned on/off based on the value of Debug specified in the enclave config file.
- Add the PFGPExceptions configuration for SGX enclaves, which allows opting into the SGX2 feature of capturing #PF/#GP exceptions inside an enclave.

>   - Developers can specify the PFGPExceptions with binary value in the enclave config file or set the value via the newly added OE_SET_ENCLAVE_SGX2 macro, which is used to set SGX2-specific properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Developers can specify the PFGPExceptions with a binary value in the enclave config file or set the value via the newly added OE_SET_ENCLAVE_SGX2 macro, which is used to set SGX2-specific properties.
```

>   - Once opt-in the feature (value=1), the in-enclave exception handler can capture the #PF (with the OE_EXCEPTION_PAGE_FAULT code) and #GP (with the code OE_EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION) exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - After opting into the feature (value=1), the in-enclave exception handler can capture the #PF (with the OE_EXCEPTION_PAGE_FAULT code) and #GP (with the code OE_EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION) exceptions.
```

  - More information about the exceptions can be found in the `faulting_address` and `error_code` members of the `oe_exception_record_t` structure passed into the handler.

>   - The feature is only available on the SGX2 CPUs. When enabling in SGX1 CPUs, `oe_create_enclave` will return the `OE_UNSUPPORTED` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The feature is only available on the SGX2 CPUs. When enabling PFGPExceptions in SGX1 CPUs, `oe_create_enclave` will return the `OE_UNSUPPORTED` error.
```

  - The tool, currently under the `tools` directory, was originally named `oecert` under the `tests/tools` directory.
  - The tool can be used to generate certificates, reports, and evidence in various formats.
  - The tool is for debugging purposes and is not suitable for production use.
- Add the CapturePFGPExceptions preference for the SGX2 feature of capturing #PF and #GP exceptions inside an enclave.
  - Developers can specify the CapturePFGPExceptions with a binary value in the enclave config file or set the value via the newly added OE_SET_ENCLAVE_SGX2 macro, which is used to set SGX2-specific properties.

>   - When setting CapturePFGPExceptions=1, the OE loader will enable the feature when running on an SGX2-capable CPU.

Author: No, currently the behavior is that it does not fail. This allows the enclave to run on both SGX1 and SGX2 platforms without re-compilation.

  - Once enabled, the in-enclave exception handler can capture the #PF (with the OE_EXCEPTION_PAGE_FAULT code) and #GP (with the code OE_EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION code) exceptions.

>   - More information about the exceptions can be found in the `faulting_address` and `error_code` members of the `oe_exception_record_t` structure passed into the handler.

Author: The interpretation of the code is in the exception.h

  - The tool, currently under the `tools` directory, was originally named `oecert` under the `tests/tools` directory.
  - The tool can be used to generate certificates, reports, and evidence in various formats.
  - The tool is for debugging purposes and is not suitable for production use.

> - Add the CapturePFGPExceptions configuration for SGX enclaves, which allows opting into the SGX2 feature of capturing #PF/#GP exceptions inside an enclave.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the CapturePFGPExceptions configuration for SGX enclaves, which allows opting into the SGX2 feature of capturing #PF and #GP exceptions inside an enclave.
```

>   - Developers can specify the CapturePFGPExceptions with a binary value in the enclave config file or set the value via the newly added OE_SET_ENCLAVE_SGX2 m
> acro, which is used to set SGX2-specific properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Developers can specify the CapturePFGPExceptions with a binary value in the enclave config file or set the value via the newly added OE_SET_ENCLAVE_SGX2
  macro, which is used to set SGX2-specific properties.
```

>   - After opting into the feature (value=1), the in-enclave exception handler can capture the #PF (with the OE_EXCEPTION_PAGE_FAULT code) and #GP (with the co
> de OE_EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION) exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - After opting into the feature (value=1), the in-enclave exception handler can capture the #PF (with the OE_EXCEPTION_PAGE_FAULT code) and #GP (with the
OE_EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION code) exceptions.
```

  - More information about the exceptions can be found in the `faulting_address` and `error_code` members of the `oe_exception_record_t` structure passed into
 the handler.

>   - The feature is only available on SGX2 CPUs and is ignored on SGX1 CPUs.

Reviewer: What does it mean for a feature to be ignored? (as opposed to not available)

If you meant to say that the mechanism to _opt-in_ is ignored, then that's not a great developer experience to have a developer opt in and have nothing happen.   It's usually better to fail the opt-in than to not adhere to a contract.  The alternative would be to rename the opt-in to be a _preference_ rather than a directive.

Author: Updated the text, can you check again?
